Brother Long, I'll go first, see you later
Hey, what's up?
Help me make an appointment with the Dragon Emperor
What's the hurry? I'll call him tomorrow and ask.
Then don't forget
I dreamed of the Dragon Emperor last night
Dreaming of the Dragon Emperor
What did you dream about doing with the Dragon Emperor?
Doing what?
The average man dreams of a woman
Just do something shameful
The woman dreamed of a man
Ok stop talking
You hurry up and help me make an appointment and lie
I'll give you a call
Open a room at the best hotel in Dragon City tomorrow
Remember to hack all surveillance
Hey, how's it going?
The Shura warrior said
Then the Dragon Emperor will invite you to meet
The specific place will be notified by the Asura warriors.
Really? Really?
I speak my mind
You didn't lie to me, did you?
By tomorrow night you'll know, really
Thank you. Thank you.